As you just learned,
cybersecurity applies to pretty much everyone on the planet.
But let's look specifically inside
a typical organization to see who the stakeholders are.
First up, we have your customers.
The customer is trusting in your organization that
their payment and their personal information are in good hands.
Next, we have the employees.
An employee is trusting the security program to protect their information,
but also the intellectual property they generate.
Management are in place to implement
the security program and ensure that it is functioning properly.
The owners or shareholders of the organization are putting their trust in
the management that their investment in the company is safe and ideally profitable.
Your company's business partners have a vested interest in your security program,
as there may be data connections and data exchange between the two organizations.
Finally, the government may be a stakeholder if
your organization is subject to any compliance regulations.